Places of safety are especially crucial to identify when you're traveling because you'll be in a new
environment that you aren't as familiar with so as you are planning your trip and researching your destination,
make sure you locate all of those safer areas and establishments and accommodations for your trip.
Now, I'm not saying don't ever travel somewhere that's less perfectly safe.
That would make traveling very fun.
Just be aware of where they all are, so you can quickly backtrack to any of them when needed.
If you're traveling solo, there are better and worse places to lay your head.
If you want your head to stay untouched and safely atop your body, for example, not so good.
A budget hotel in the cheaper part of town, where a pushy taxi driver insists he knows the owners and
can get you a great deal much better.
A busy hotel or hostel that's packed with fellow travelers in a bustling, popular, well lit part of
town.
Other good options include an Airbnb or B and B, with a highly rated local host or a popular and well-reviewed
hostel or couch surfing with other trustworthy locals, though this is understandably a tad riskier.
Wherever you choose to stay, make sure you arrange it with a reliable, reputable website like Booking.com,
Hotels.com or Hostel World.
This is a huge part of ensuring travel safety, so please book wisely.
Don't have asked this step or whole athit just don't asset at all.